Use the Confucian metrics to see our model is performing.
Suppose that we kept three labels that were trying to predict where and to see if in our picture we've
come a dog a cat or a bear the Confucian metrics would tell us how many dogs we actually predict at
work dogs how many dogs we predict at work outs and so on.
In this example we can see that we didn't got any bears labeled correctly.
We predict all of them ascots if we only measure the percentage of predictions we got correctly we would
never be able to see this in our case.
We want to know how many fraudulent transactions we did that correctly if we only measure the percentage
of their correct labels will get a really high value as most of our transactions are known for Otherland.
And if our model always predicts non fraudulent we will just get the majority of them right.
We're going to try to see how many positives we show up.
That is how many.
For Underland transactions with birthdate as fraudulent.
Also we will measure how many Tournay or tips come.
That's how many none fraudulent on suctions.
We predict that US non fraudulent.
How many false positives that is.
How many fraudulent transactions with the fact that none fraudulent.
These are the users that will be able to steal from us.
Those are the ones that we won't be able to detect.
And that's the number that we will want to be as low as possible on full blast.
Also how many false positives will cup that's how many we predicted as fraudulence although there were
good users those will for sure be unsatisfied users as they were willing to pay.
But we didn't allow them in any given problem.
Our objective we tried to get as many true negatives and prostitutes as possible and also to judge use
as much as possible the number of false negatives and false positives that we up in this application.
We will prefer to increase the number of false positives as long as we decrease the number of false
negatives.
This might be different in other applications.
Besides the Confucian metrics we can use other metrics to try to measure the behavior of our model.
We just see a few of them.
The most frequent metric is their accuracy.
That's why need to be positive.
Plus two negatives over the total of transactions you Cup another metric is that precision.
That's how many Chavasse dips over the total of two positives plus false negatives you have.
You could also measure the specificity of your model.
That's how many true negatives over the total of false positives plus true negatives.
You have in your model for less you could also measure the recall.
That's how many true positives or where the total of true positives plus false negatives that you have.
That would mean the amount of fraudulent transactions that we could go that that as fraudulent and we'll
try to increase that number as much as possible.
So one training we will try to increase our vehicle as much as our US.
That would mean that our model is performing well.